Doc updates 1 (#113)
conduktor/conduktor-platform: doc/Requirements.md

## Conduktor Platform requirements

### Operating system and deployment options.
Conduktor platform is distributed as a [Docker container](https://hub.docker.com/r/conduktor/conduktor-platform).  

As a Docker container it can be deployed nearly anywhere including bare metal, VMs or kubernetes. 

### Resource requirements
The suggest resources for Conduktor Platform is at least:

| Resource | Amount |
| --------- | --------  |
| CPU       | 8 Cores   |
| Memory    |  16Gb |
| Disk  |   100Gb   |

### Database

> Conduktor platform utilizes a [Postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/) database for stateful storage of things like RBAC configurations as well as metrics for monitoring and topic analyizer.  By default a Postgres database is built into the Conduktor Platform container.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conduktor platform utilizes a [Postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/) database for stateful storage of things like services and RBAC configurations as well as audit log events.  By default a Postgres database is built into the Conduktor Platform container.  
```
